[docs] Clarify change in date-formats (#725)
lcobucci/jwt: docs/upgrading.md

1. Token configuration methods were renamed
1. Signature is created via `Builder#getToken()` (instead of `Builder#sign()`)

> 1. `DateTimeImmutable` objects are now used for the registered claims with dates and will use microtime instead of unix timestamps

Reviewer: I like the explicitness here, just think that we can improve the construction. What do you think about this:

```suggestion
1. `DateTimeImmutable` objects are now used for the registered claims with dates, which are by default encoded as floats with microseconds as precision
```

Author: I think it is much better. 👍 I pushed the changes.
